This project was completed thanks to each member of the team. Our first venture into the agile methodology was a success. Embracing the agile methodology and everyone being
dedicated to their role, whilst helping the team in any way possible, was a key component in the success of this project. The project manager did a fantastic job of providing
the team with crucial user input that allowed the scrum master, development team, and testers to create user stories and begin a product backlog that would guide the project
to completion. We also thank the project manager for staying up to date with our progress and providing feedback and clarity throughout. The guidance of our scrum master 
helped tremendously with organizing our priorities, setting a realistic schedule, addressing obstacles, guiding cross functional teamwork, and encouraging open communication
throughout the project. The development team had their flexibility and technical ability on display as they provided working software quickly and efficiently while remaining
adaptable and innovative throughout. Testers frequently testing and providing feedback or troubleshooting throughout the project ensured that the projects functionality met
the goals of the team, and that it remained functional through various changes until we ultimately arrived at the completion of the project. 
As you all know, there were major changes that occurred during this project. One of the major benefits to our team during this change was the scrum framework we were operating
in. Had this been our typical waterfall methodology in operation it likely would have derailed our project. However, the daily scrum meetings we all attended assured that we
were constantly aware of our goals, our progress to that point, and any possible obstacles we were facing. Additionally, we were working in short sprints with frequent
production of working coding and testing. Due to the scrum framework, when changes came we knew that it was possible to make changes without starting from scratch. We had
already produced a functioning top 5 slideshow; we just needed to adjust it to fit a new theme. We discussed the changes in our meeting, adjusted the backlog accordingly, and
set our new goals. Even more incredible we did it within the same timeline we had originally set.
Daily scrums are without a doubt one of the most effective communication tools within the agile methodology. As previously mentioned, the transparency that comes with everyone
constantly being in the loop with how the project is progressing, what timelines are, what goals each team member sets daily, and what obstacles the team is facing is
tremendous. It really increases efficiency and allows a team to be cross functional. Giving everyone a voice really gets the team excited about what they are doing and invests
them in the project. Another form of communication we implemented was the option to have side bar discussions about topics that may not pertain to the daily scrum topic but
are important to the team. Again, this provides transparency that is crucial for a well-functioning team. Email is also an important communication method as we may have
questions or clarity that is needed, and although it is encouraged its not always possible for every team member to be at every daily scrum. 
We discovered that it wasn’t just the framework itself that was helpful, but also the tools available to agile teams. For example, JIRA. The JIRA tool is a great resource
for agile teams. It supports all aspects you would expect an agile team to be implementing. Such as, issue tracking, Kanban boards, customizable workflows, progress reports,
work logging, scrum boards, project backlogs, roadmaps, and more. It then increases their efficiency by providing organized and easily accessible communication, tracking, and
priorities. It also maximizes transparency by constantly updating workflow and backlog, so the team always knows how things are progressing and where issues may be. It makes
it easy to plan and create roadmaps. Integrated features such as flag tools and live production code status helps the development team optimize their time and efficiency. It
helps to automate and integrate processes so builds, testing, and releasing can happen faster and more reliably.
To conclude the sprint review and retrospective, I would like to say once again that I feel the methodology was a great success in this project. Initially, I’m sure many of
were wondering why it was necessary to try this methodology over our typical waterfall methodology, but I think it became very clear that the flexibility, transparency,
effectiveness, and cost savings were major pros that came from this methodology. It increased engagement and encouraged innovation for the team members.  I maintain that this
was the most effective way to approach this project.
